Okay, so now we have our domain set up with a policy.
Let's have a look at what the repositories are.
CodeArtifact repositories exist inside of a CodeArtifact domain.
You can have multiple repositories inside of a domain,
but you cannot have multiple domains per repository.
A repository will contain software package versions,
which will point to a software package asset.
A repository can contain multiple types of software packages such as npm
and pit together and is known as a polyglot repository.
Something else that's pretty cool about software packages
and repositories is if you copy a package from another
repository inside of your domain, it will not take up double the amount of space.
Instead, it will essentially point to the original software package.
When you create a repository,
it will not automatically add any software packages to the repository.
Each repository you create will be associated with the
AWS account you used to create it,
and each account can hold up to 10,000 repositories.
After you create a repository, you cannot change its name after the fact,
so make sure you pick the right name.
And you can also have multiple upstream repositories.
This is something we're going to talk about later on.
Okay, so we just learned about what a repository is inside of CodeArtifact.
Next, let's take a look at how to create one and set one up.
In this demo, we're going to have a look at creating a CodeArtifact repository.
Let's jump straight in.
Okay, so the next step is creating our first repository.
So here I am, back inside of our Globomantics domain that were created earlier,
and I'm going to click over at Create repository.
I'm going to give it a name.
I'm going to call it the globomantics‑repository, or repo for short.
You can give it a description if you want.
I'm going to not.
And you can also select upstream repositories,
but I'm going to cover this in a little bit more detail later on.
Let's hit Next.
That looks all great to me, and I'm just going to hit Create repository.
So, there we have it.
That was our first repository setup inside of CodeArtifact.
Inside of this is where all of your software packages are going to live.
The next thing you need to know about CodeArtifact
repositories are repository policies.
In this next section,
I'll talk you through what they are and how to apply
them to your CodeArtifact repository.
You can attach a policy to a CodeArtifact repository.
A repository policy is a resource‑level IAM access policy that you can use to
restrict or give access to your CodeArtifact repository.
When you attach a repository policy,
it's then applied to just that single repository.
This is really handy if you want to restrict access to each
repository on a per‑repository basis, and you can create a policy,
which allows other AWS accounts to have access.
There are multiple ways to create a repository policy,
either via the AWS CLI or the dashboard.
Okay, so we just learned what repository policy is.
Let's take a look at how to create one. In this demo, we're going to
cover the following component, we're going to create a CodeArtifact
repository policy and attach it to our repository.
Cool.
So we have our repo set up.
Let's go ahead and create a repository policy.
I go and apply a repository policy by clicking this button up here.
Next,
I'm going to paste in this policy that can be found in the course
documents. Similar to before, this policy is going to allow me
access from my account to this repository.
I'm going to hit Save, and boom, there we have it.
That's our repo fully set up and waiting to be used.
Okay, so we just covered CodeArtifact domains, and we set one up,
and we learned about what they are and where they fit
inside of the CodeArtifact architecture.
We had a look at securing it with a policy.
We then had a look at what repositories are and where they sit
inside of the CodeArtifact architecture.
And then we also looked at securing that with a
repository policy too. Super simple, super easy to use, and this is why CodeArtifact is so great.